this is tricky 60-seconds your small box
purply called die to all the drama this
floor clean classy and confident queen
vic is back on telling a man the
ballroom and latin great content oh it's
good enough but for you it's got to be
more than enough you've got you know our
expectations are huge she came up and
stole the leaderboard her energetic
Johnny it was Richard of Johnny who
found themselves in the bottom two
fighting it out in the dreaded dance all
the judges verdict was unanimous and so
one couple it was time to hang up there
strictly sequence with the competition
in full swing don't forget you can
follow all your favorites as they go
through their training right here at BBC
coat you came forward slash strictly